doc_source/API_DetectSentiment.md, before:

# DetectSentiment<a name="API_DetectSentiment"></a>

Inspects text and returns an inference of the prevailing sentiment \(`POSITIVE`, `NEUTRAL`, `MIXED`, or `NEGATIVE`\)\. 

## Request Syntax<a name="API_DetectSentiment_RequestSyntax"></a>

```
{
   "LanguageCode": "string",
   "Text": "string"
}
```

## Request Parameters<a name="API_DetectSentiment_RequestParameters"></a>

For information about the parameters that are common to all actions, see [Common Parameters](CommonParameters.md)\.

The request accepts the following data in JSON format\.

 ** [LanguageCode](#API_DetectSentiment_RequestSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-request-LanguageCode"></a>
The language of the input documents\. You can specify any of the primary languages supported by Amazon Comprehend\. All documents must be in the same language\.  
Type: String  
Valid Values:` en | es | fr | de | it | pt | ar | hi | ja | ko | zh | zh-TW`   
Required: Yes

 ** [Text](#API_DetectSentiment_RequestSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-request-Text"></a>
A UTF\-8 text string\. Each string must contain fewer that 5,000 bytes of UTF\-8 encoded characters\.  
Type: String  
Length Constraints: Minimum length of 1\.  
Required: Yes

## Response Syntax<a name="API_DetectSentiment_ResponseSyntax"></a>

```
{
   "Sentiment": "string",
   "SentimentScore": { 
      "Mixed": number,
      "Negative": number,
      "Neutral": number,
      "Positive": number
   }
}
```

## Response Elements<a name="API_DetectSentiment_ResponseElements"></a>

If the action is successful, the service sends back an HTTP 200 response\.

The following data is returned in JSON format by the service\.

 ** [Sentiment](#API_DetectSentiment_ResponseSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-response-Sentiment"></a>
The inferred sentiment that Amazon Comprehend has the highest level of confidence in\.  
Type: String  
Valid Values:` POSITIVE | NEGATIVE | NEUTRAL | MIXED` 

 ** [SentimentScore](#API_DetectSentiment_ResponseSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-response-SentimentScore"></a>
An object that lists the sentiments, and their corresponding confidence levels\.  
Type: [SentimentScore](API_SentimentScore.md) object

## Errors<a name="API_DetectSentiment_Errors"></a>

For information about the errors that are common to all actions, see [Common Errors](CommonErrors.md)\.

 ** InternalServerException **   
An internal server error occurred\. Retry your request\.  
HTTP Status Code: 500

 ** InvalidRequestException **   
The request is invalid\.  
HTTP Status Code: 400

 ** TextSizeLimitExceededException **   
The size of the input text exceeds the limit\. Use a smaller document\.  
HTTP Status Code: 400

 ** UnsupportedLanguageException **   
Amazon Comprehend can't process the language of the input text\. For custom entity recognition APIs, only English, Spanish, French, Italian, German, or Portuguese are accepted\. For a list of supported languages, see [Languages supported in Amazon Comprehend](supported-languages.md)\.   
HTTP Status Code: 400

## Examples<a name="API_DetectSentiment_Examples"></a>

### Detect sentiment<a name="API_DetectSentiment_Example_1"></a>

If the input text is "Today is my birthday, I am so happy\.", the operation returns the following response:

#### <a name="w88aac57b5d101c15b3b5"></a>

```
{
    "SentimentScore": {
        "Mixed": 0.0033542951568961143,
        "Positive": 0.9869875907897949,
        "Neutral": 0.008563132025301456,
        "Negative": 0.0010949420975521207
    },
    "Sentiment": "POSITIVE",
 }   
}
```

## See Also<a name="API_DetectSentiment_SeeAlso"></a>

For more information about using this API in one of the language\-specific AWS SDKs, see the following:
+  [AWS Command Line Interface](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/aws-cli/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for \.NET](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/DotNetSDKV3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for C\+\+](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForCpp/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Go](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForGoV1/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Java V2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForJavaV2/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for JavaScript](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/AWSJavaScriptSDK/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for PHP V3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForPHPV3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Python](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/boto3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Ruby V3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForRubyV3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment)

Commit message:

Periodic update. Includes reduced annnotation needs for CER, and increased input file size for real-time APIs

doc_source/API_DetectSentiment.md, after:

# DetectSentiment<a name="API_DetectSentiment"></a>

Inspects text and returns an inference of the prevailing sentiment \(`POSITIVE`, `NEUTRAL`, `MIXED`, or `NEGATIVE`\)\. 

## Request Syntax<a name="API_DetectSentiment_RequestSyntax"></a>

```
{
   "LanguageCode": "string",
   "Text": "string"
}
```

## Request Parameters<a name="API_DetectSentiment_RequestParameters"></a>

For information about the parameters that are common to all actions, see [Common Parameters](CommonParameters.md)\.

The request accepts the following data in JSON format\.

 ** [LanguageCode](#API_DetectSentiment_RequestSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-request-LanguageCode"></a>
The language of the input documents\. You can specify any of the primary languages supported by Amazon Comprehend\. All documents must be in the same language\.  
Type: String  
Valid Values:` en | es | fr | de | it | pt | ar | hi | ja | ko | zh | zh-TW`   
Required: Yes

 ** [Text](#API_DetectSentiment_RequestSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-request-Text"></a>
A UTF\-8 text string\. The maximum string size is 5 KB\.  
Amazon Comprehend performs real\-time sentiment analysis on the first 500 characters of the input text and ignores any additional text in the input\.
Type: String  
Length Constraints: Minimum length of 1\.  
Required: Yes

## Response Syntax<a name="API_DetectSentiment_ResponseSyntax"></a>

```
{
   "Sentiment": "string",
   "SentimentScore": { 
      "Mixed": number,
      "Negative": number,
      "Neutral": number,
      "Positive": number
   }
}
```

## Response Elements<a name="API_DetectSentiment_ResponseElements"></a>

If the action is successful, the service sends back an HTTP 200 response\.

The following data is returned in JSON format by the service\.

 ** [Sentiment](#API_DetectSentiment_ResponseSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-response-Sentiment"></a>
The inferred sentiment that Amazon Comprehend has the highest level of confidence in\.  
Type: String  
Valid Values:` POSITIVE | NEGATIVE | NEUTRAL | MIXED` 

 ** [SentimentScore](#API_DetectSentiment_ResponseSyntax) **   <a name="comprehend-DetectSentiment-response-SentimentScore"></a>
An object that lists the sentiments, and their corresponding confidence levels\.  
Type: [SentimentScore](API_SentimentScore.md) object

## Errors<a name="API_DetectSentiment_Errors"></a>

For information about the errors that are common to all actions, see [Common Errors](CommonErrors.md)\.

 ** InternalServerException **   
An internal server error occurred\. Retry your request\.  
HTTP Status Code: 500

 ** InvalidRequestException **   
The request is invalid\.  
HTTP Status Code: 400

 ** TextSizeLimitExceededException **   
The size of the input text exceeds the limit\. Use a smaller document\.  
HTTP Status Code: 400

 ** UnsupportedLanguageException **   
Amazon Comprehend can't process the language of the input text\. For custom entity recognition APIs, only English, Spanish, French, Italian, German, or Portuguese are accepted\. For a list of supported languages, [Supported languages](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/supported-languages.html) in the Comprehend Developer Guide\.   
HTTP Status Code: 400

## Examples<a name="API_DetectSentiment_Examples"></a>

### Detect sentiment<a name="API_DetectSentiment_Example_1"></a>

If the input text is "Today is my birthday, I am so happy\.", the operation returns the following response:

#### <a name="w96aac57c17d101c15b3b5"></a>

```
{
    "SentimentScore": {
        "Mixed": 0.0033542951568961143,
        "Positive": 0.9869875907897949,
        "Neutral": 0.008563132025301456,
        "Negative": 0.0010949420975521207
    },
    "Sentiment": "POSITIVE",
 }   
}
```

## See Also<a name="API_DetectSentiment_SeeAlso"></a>

For more information about using this API in one of the language\-specific AWS SDKs, see the following:
+  [AWS Command Line Interface](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/aws-cli/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for \.NET](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/DotNetSDKV3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for C\+\+](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForCpp/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Go](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForGoV1/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Java V2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForJavaV2/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for JavaScript](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/AWSJavaScriptSDK/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for PHP V3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForPHPV3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Python](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/boto3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment) 
+  [AWS SDK for Ruby V3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/SdkForRubyV3/comprehend-2017-11-27/DetectSentiment)
