doc_source/get-started-api.md, before:

# Step 4: Getting Started Using the Amazon Comprehend API<a name="get-started-api"></a>

The following examples demonstrate how to use Amazon Comprehend operations using the AWS CLI, Java, and Python\. Use them to learn about Amazon Comprehend operations and as building blocks for your own applications\.

To run the AWS CLI and Python examples, you need to install the AWS CLI\. For more information, see [Step 2: Set Up the AWS Command Line Interface \(AWS CLI\)](setup-awscli.md)\.

To run the Java examples, you need to install the AWS SDK for Java\. For instructions for installing the SDK for Java, see [ Set up the AWS SDK for Java](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/setup-install.html)\.

**Topics**
+ [Detecting the Dominant Language](get-started-api-dominant-language.md)
+ [Detecting Named Entities](get-started-api-entities.md)
+ [Detecting Key Phrases](get-started-api-key-phrases.md)
+ [Detecting Personally Identifiable Information \(PII\)](get-started-api-pii.md)
+ [Labeling Documents with Personally Identifiable Information \(PII\)](get-started-api-pii-labels.md)
+ [Detecting Sentiment](get-started-api-sentiment.md)
+ [Detecting Syntax](get-started-api-syntax.md)
+ [Using Custom Classification](get-started-customclass.md)
+ [Detecting Custom Entities](get-started-cer.md)
+ [Detecting Events](get-started-api-events.md)
+ [Topic Modeling](get-started-topics.md)
+ [Using the Batch APIs](get-started-batch.md)

Commit message:

Documentation for new feature: Targeted Sentiment

doc_source/get-started-api.md, after:

# Using the Amazon Comprehend API<a name="get-started-api"></a>

The following examples demonstrate how to use Amazon Comprehend operations with the AWS CLI, Java, and Python\. Use the examples to learn about Amazon Comprehend operations and as building blocks for your own applications\.

To run the AWS CLI and Python examples, you must install the AWS CLI\. For more information, see [Step 2: Set Up the AWS Command Line Interface \(AWS CLI\)](setup-awscli.md)\.

To run the Java examples, you must install the AWS SDK for Java\. For instructions for installing the SDK for Java, see [ Set up the AWS SDK for Java](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/setup-install.html)\.

**Topics**
+ [Detecting the Dominant Language](get-started-api-dominant-language.md)
+ [Detecting Named Entities](get-started-api-entities.md)
+ [Detecting Key Phrases](get-started-api-key-phrases.md)
+ [Detecting Personally Identifiable Information \(PII\)](get-started-api-pii.md)
+ [Labeling Documents with Personally Identifiable Information \(PII\)](get-started-api-pii-labels.md)
+ [Determining Sentiment](get-started-api-sentiment.md)
+ [Analyzing Targeted Sentiment](using-api-targeted-sentiment.md)
+ [Detecting Syntax](get-started-api-syntax.md)
+ [Using Custom Classification](get-started-customclass.md)
+ [Detecting Custom Entities](get-started-cer.md)
+ [Detecting Events](get-started-api-events.md)
+ [Topic Modeling](get-started-topics.md)
+ [Using the Batch APIs](get-started-batch.md)
