doc_source/realtime-pii-console.md, before:

# PII real\-time analysis \(Console\)<a name="realtime-pii-console"></a>

You can use the console to run PII real\-time detection of a text document up to 5,000 characters long\. The results are shown in the console so that you can review the analysis\.

**Run PII detection real\-time analysis using the built\-in model**

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the [Amazon Comprehend console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/)\.

1. From the left menu, choose **Real\-time analysis**\.

1. Under **Input type**, choose **Built\-in** for **Analysis type**\. 

1. Enter the text you want to analyze\. 

1. Choose **Analyze**\. The console displays the text analysis results in the **Insights** panel\. The **PII** tab lists the PII entities detected in your input text\. 

In the **Insights** panel, the **PII** tab displays results for two analysis modes: 
+ **Offsets** – identifies the location of PII in the text document\.
+ **Labels** – identifies the labels of identified PII entity types\.

## Offsets<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-offsets"></a>

The **Offsets** analysis mode identifies the location of PII in your text documents\. For more information, see [Locate PII entities](how-pii.md#how-pii-locate)\. 

![\[The PII offsets analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii.png)

## Labels<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-labels"></a>

The **Labels** analysis mode returns the labels of identified PII entity types\. For more information, see [Labeling PII entities](how-pii-labels.md)\. 

![\[The PII labels analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii-labels.png)

Commit message:

Periodic update. Includes reduced annnotation needs for CER, and increased input file size for real-time APIs

doc_source/realtime-pii-console.md, after:

# PII real\-time analysis \(Console\)<a name="realtime-pii-console"></a>

You can use the console to run PII real\-time detection of a text document\. The maximum text size is 100 kilobytes of UTF\-8 encoded characters\. The console displays the results so that you can review the analysis\.

**Run PII detection real\-time analysis using the built\-in model**

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the [Amazon Comprehend console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/)\.

1. From the left menu, choose **Real\-time analysis**\.

1. Under **Input type**, choose **Built\-in** for **Analysis type**\. 

1. Enter the text you want to analyze\. 

1. Choose **Analyze**\. The console displays the text analysis results in the **Insights** panel\. The **PII** tab lists the PII entities detected in your input text\. 

In the **Insights** panel, the **PII** tab displays results for two analysis modes: 
+ **Offsets** – identifies the location of PII in the text document\.
+ **Labels** – identifies the labels of identified PII entity types\.

## Offsets<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-offsets"></a>

The **Offsets** analysis mode identifies the location of PII in your text documents\. For more information, see [Locate PII entities](how-pii.md#how-pii-locate)\. 

![\[The PII offsets analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii.png)

## Labels<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-labels"></a>

The **Labels** analysis mode returns the labels of identified PII entity types\. For more information, see [Labeling PII entities](how-pii-labels.md)\. 

![\[The PII labels analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii-labels.png)
