doc_source/realtime-console-analysis.md, before:

# Real\-time analysis using the built\-in models<a name="realtime-console-analysis"></a>

You can use the Amazon Comprehend console to analyze the contents of a document up to 5,000 characters long\. The document can be English or one of the other languages supported by Amazon Comprehend\. The results are shown in the console so that you can review the analysis\.

To start analyzing documents, sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the [Amazon Comprehend console\.](https://console.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/home?region=us-east-1#api-explorer:)

You can replace the sample text with your own text and then choose **Analyze** to get an analysis of your text\. Below the text being analyzed, the **Results** pane shows more information about the text\. 

**Run real\-time analysis using the built\-in model**

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the [Amazon Comprehend console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/)\.

1. From the left menu, choose **Real\-time analysis**\.

1. Under **Input type**, choose **Built\-in** for **Analysis type**\. 

1. Enter the text you want to analyze\. 

1. Choose **Analyze**\. The console displays the text analysis results in the **Insights** panel\. The **Insights** panel includes a tab for each of the insight types\. The following sections describe the results for insight type\. 

**Topics**
+ [Entities](#realtime-analysis-console-entities)
+ [Key phrases](#realtime-analysis-console-key-phrases)
+ [Language](#realtime-analysis-console-language)
+ [Personally identifiable information \(PII\)](#realtime-analysis-console-pii)
+ [Sentiment](#realtime-analysis-console-sentiment)
+ [Syntax](#realtime-analysis-console-syntax)

## Entities<a name="realtime-analysis-console-entities"></a>

The **Entities** tab lists each entity, its category, and the level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has detected in the input text\. The results are color\-coded to indicate different entity types such as organizations, locations, dates, and persons\. For more information, see [Entities](how-entities.md)\.

![\[Amazon Comprehend entities analysis\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-entities.png)

## Key phrases<a name="realtime-analysis-console-key-phrases"></a>

The **Key phrases** tab lists key noun phrases that Amazon Comprehend detected in the input text and the associated confidence level\. For more information, see [Key phrases](how-key-phrases.md)\.

![\[The Key phrases tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-key-phrases.png)

## Language<a name="realtime-analysis-console-language"></a>

The **Language** tab shows the dominant language of the text and Amazon Comprehend's level of confidence that it has detected the dominant language correctly\. Amazon Comprehend can recognize 100 languages\. For more information, see [Dominant language](how-languages.md)\.

![\[The Language tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-language.png)

## Personally identifiable information \(PII\)<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii"></a>

The **PII** tab lists entities in your input text that contain personally identifiable information \(PII\)\. A PII entity is a textual reference to personal data that could be used to identify an individual, such as an address, bank account number, or phone number\. For more information, see [Detecting PII entities](how-pii.md)\.

The **PII** tab provides two analysis modes: 
+ Offsets
+ Labels

### Offsets<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-offsets"></a>

The **Offsets** analysis mode identifies the location of PII in your text documents\. For more information, see [Locate PII entities](how-pii.md#how-pii-locate)\. 

![\[The PII offsets analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii.png)

### Labels<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-labels"></a>

The **Labels** analysis mode checks for the presence of PII in your text document and returns the labels of identified PII entity types\. For more information, see [Labeling PII entities](how-pii-labels.md)\. 

![\[The PII labels analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii-labels.png)

## Sentiment<a name="realtime-analysis-console-sentiment"></a>

The **Sentiment** tab shows the dominant sentiment of the text\. Sentiment can be rated neutral, positive, negative, or mixed\. In this case, each sentiment has a confidence rating, providing an estimate by Amazon Comprehend for that sentiment being dominant\. For more information, see [Sentiment](how-sentiment.md)\. Real\-time analysis does not provide targeted sentiment\.

![\[The Sentiment tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-sentiment.png)

## Syntax<a name="realtime-analysis-console-syntax"></a>

The **Syntax** tab shows a breakdown of each element in the text, along with its part of speech and the associated confidence score\. For more information, see [Syntax analysis](how-syntax.md)\.

![\[The Syntax tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-syntax.png)

Commit message:

Periodic update. Includes reduced annnotation needs for CER, and increased input file size for real-time APIs

doc_source/realtime-console-analysis.md, after:

# Real\-time analysis using the built\-in models<a name="realtime-console-analysis"></a>

You can use the Amazon Comprehend console to run real\-time analysis of a UTF\-8 encoded text document\. The document can be English or one of the other languages supported by Amazon Comprehend\. The results are shown in the console so that you can review the analysis\.

To start analyzing documents, sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the [Amazon Comprehend console\.](https://console.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/home?region=us-east-1#api-explorer:)

You can replace the sample text with your own text and then choose **Analyze** to get an analysis of your text\. Below the text being analyzed, the **Results** pane shows more information about the text\. 

**Run real\-time analysis using the built\-in model**

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the [Amazon Comprehend console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/)\.

1. From the left menu, choose **Real\-time analysis**\.

1. Under **Input type**, choose **Built\-in** for **Analysis type**\. 

1. Enter the text you want to analyze\. 

1. Choose **Analyze**\. The console displays the text analysis results in the **Insights** panel\. The **Insights** panel includes a tab for each of the insight types\. The following sections describe the results for insight type\. 

**Topics**
+ [Entities](#realtime-analysis-console-entities)
+ [Key phrases](#realtime-analysis-console-key-phrases)
+ [Language](#realtime-analysis-console-language)
+ [Personally identifiable information \(PII\)](#realtime-analysis-console-pii)
+ [Sentiment](#realtime-analysis-console-sentiment)
+ [Syntax](#realtime-analysis-console-syntax)

## Entities<a name="realtime-analysis-console-entities"></a>

The **Entities** tab lists each entity, its category, and the level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has detected in the input text\. The results are color\-coded to indicate different entity types such as organizations, locations, dates, and persons\. For more information, see [Entities](how-entities.md)\.

![\[Amazon Comprehend entities analysis\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-entities.png)

## Key phrases<a name="realtime-analysis-console-key-phrases"></a>

The **Key phrases** tab lists key noun phrases that Amazon Comprehend detected in the input text and the associated confidence level\. For more information, see [Key phrases](how-key-phrases.md)\.

![\[The Key phrases tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-key-phrases.png)

## Language<a name="realtime-analysis-console-language"></a>

The **Language** tab shows the dominant language of the text and Amazon Comprehend's level of confidence that it has detected the dominant language correctly\. Amazon Comprehend can recognize 100 languages\. For more information, see [Dominant language](how-languages.md)\.

![\[The Language tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-language.png)

## Personally identifiable information \(PII\)<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii"></a>

The **PII** tab lists entities in your input text that contain personally identifiable information \(PII\)\. A PII entity is a textual reference to personal data that could be used to identify an individual, such as an address, bank account number, or phone number\. For more information, see [Detecting PII entities](how-pii.md)\.

The **PII** tab provides two analysis modes: 
+ Offsets
+ Labels

### Offsets<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-offsets"></a>

The **Offsets** analysis mode identifies the location of PII in your text documents\. For more information, see [Locate PII entities](how-pii.md#how-pii-locate)\. 

![\[The PII offsets analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii.png)

### Labels<a name="realtime-analysis-console-pii-labels"></a>

The **Labels** analysis mode checks for the presence of PII in your text document and returns the labels of identified PII entity types\. For more information, see [Labeling PII entities](how-pii-labels.md)\. 

![\[The PII labels analysis mode.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-pii-labels.png)

## Sentiment<a name="realtime-analysis-console-sentiment"></a>

The **Sentiment** tab shows the dominant sentiment of the text\. Sentiment can be rated neutral, positive, negative, or mixed\. In this case, each sentiment has a confidence rating, providing an estimate by Amazon Comprehend for that sentiment being dominant\. For more information, see [Sentiment](how-sentiment.md)\.

**Note**  
Amazon Comprehend performs real\-time sentiment analysis on the first 500 characters of the input text and ignores any additional text in the input\.

![\[The Sentiment tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-sentiment.png)

## Syntax<a name="realtime-analysis-console-syntax"></a>

The **Syntax** tab shows a breakdown of each element in the text, along with its part of speech and the associated confidence score\. For more information, see [Syntax analysis](how-syntax.md)\.

![\[The Syntax tab.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/images/gs-console-syntax.png)
